twas the night before Christmas and all
through the house not a creature was
stirring not even a mouse the stockings
were hung on the chimney with care in
hopes that Santa Paws soon would be
there
the Huskies were nestled all snug in
their beds while visions of snow falling
filled up their heads outside of their
window the moon shines so bright what a
perfectly beautiful Christmas Eve night
then out on the lawn there arose such a
clatter they sprang from their beds and
wooed what was the matter they raced to
the window and started to bark what
could be seen out there in the dark the
dog stopped their barking and a silence
fell then there was a noise a soft
Jingle Bell outside stood a man who was
dressed all in red and with him he
brought eight dogs and a sled the
Huskies were quickly all filled with
cheer and in that moment they knew Santa
Paws was here with a woe and a ha and a
hike and a gee he called out their names
with oh so much glee now Tundra now
spirit now Kira and Balto on Isis on
coda on Mikko and toe go to the top of
the roof to the top of the wall now mush
away mush away mush away all with some
yipping and howling and a few with a
wolf the dogs must and bounded right up
onto the roof then faster than the
Huskies in the house could believe Santa
Paws magically came right down the
chimney with a bundle of presents to put
under the tree the three Huskies
wandered oh what could they be Santa
Paws turned and smiled and then wiggled
his nose and then in a flash up the
chimney he rose he sprang to his sled
and gave his team a hike and away they
all mushed out into the night but as
they mushed into the dark what did the
dogs hear
merry Christmas to all and a happy new
year